Story ideas
Doctor gets too ambitious
Romance with a robot but had to dissasmble it due to ethics(allude to)

Once upon a time, Gravitational engineer zx_______ excelled in all her courses, and graduated at the age of 16. Due to this, she suffers from grandiosity and narcissism, but has deeply rooted insecurity from a lack of positive affirmation from close ones (her dad had a tough love relationship, but didnt know where to draw the line). She firmly believes that she cant love anybody simply because they wouldnt understand her intricacies, the same way her dad never understood her. She joined saggitarius labs to challenge herself using the frontier of space

Doctor that pioneered the theories, and later, the technology to harness gravity from larger planets to generate energy.

Doctor bh__________ stumbled upon the method to create black holes, but died as a result.
Bh was a cranky old man, who dedicated his life to the study of gravity and its implications. Nobody liked him and he pushed away many, but nobody could deny his brilliance. He was approached by many, including journalists, scientists, family, but he focused on his study. Bh found abh as an orphan, and kept him at his assistant, creating a great bond over time.

Abh__________ called for sick leave one day. That same day, bh, exhausted from years of no results, tried something starkly new in his research, and he succeeded in creating a black hole, but a gravitational anomaly exited the hole, as if from a portal. Bh startled, attacked it with a nearby scientific instrument. This aggravated the monster, causing bh's demise. 


Unsure of his decision and struggling to cover up
Assistant abh that worked along bh, but took a sick day  the day bh made the black hole. Upon return, abh noticed his absence, pulled the security tapes and was devastated to see his mentor and parental figure gone. After days of silence and reflection, he realizes that he can carry on bh's legacy by showing the world his discovery. After sometime, abh was able to recreate the formula, but due to some misinterpretations by journalists, the world publicly praised abh for the discovery of controllable black holes. Due to this process, bh was lost in the sands of time and in the wake of abh's fame for being able to do what bh could never do. Abh got carried away by the fame and money that this discovery brought him, but he is constantly bothered by his conscience for disrespecting his mentor in such a manner, so far as to develop manic depression. If only he knew that the black hole formula he created, creates unstable black holes. He is now in a perpetual game to cover his accidental story and ensure none find out about the truth.

Plotline
Saggitarius is made by ________
They hire abh and joe with the intention of harnessing black holes
Through testing with smaller controlled black holes, they have a small device 
This small device, through cutting corners on cost, creates a wormhole instead blackholes so scientists decide to hand it off to zx for disposal. 
Zx eventually realizes that saggitarius is not utilizing her full potential, and so, stagnates. Not wanting to be so, she notices the malfunctioning wormhole device, she sees broken vacm robots in her room, and decides the only person that would understand her is herself, so she sets to work implementing her schema and mind into a makeshift robot powered by the accidental wormhole generator.
She succeeds
Small romantic plotline happens somewhere in between




Story

Robot starts in preapoc ship, runs through all game mechanics, then zx sends robot to go "stop whatever thr problem" is. The robot fails, and the ship is wiped.

Robot starts as very broken and needs to go to the vacm repair ward to fix itself




Monsters
(hawking radiation) the monsters have come to close the black hole, because black holes destablize so these entities come through from their dimension and ensure the safety of both dimensions
all people think that hawking radiation naturally happens, but these monsters are the ones that ensure the safety of the universe (for more selfish reasons)


Motive : Because of the power destabilization, the monsters become aware of the sudden rift that the black hole containment engine created. For this reason, they seek to close the rift as their dimensional energy leaks and the energy from this dimension is getting tarnished. As a result, they exit their dimension in order to find the cause of their power loss. This is why the monsters are attracted to the robot and the subsystems that control the black hole. Due to the language barrier, the monsters seem hostile due to their imposing physique.




